SDK/ms/georadiusbymember: Fix callback response display (#315)
kuzzleio/documentation: src/core/1/guides/essentials/installing-console/index.md

---
code: false
type: page
title: Kuzzle Admin Console
order: 100
---

# Kuzzle Admin Console

The Kuzzle Admin Console is a web application that lets you manage Kuzzle, including **data**, **real-time notifications** and **security**.

If you don't want to install Kuzzle Admin Console yourself you can use our <a href="http://console.kuzzle.io/">publicly hosted</a> Kuzzle Admin Console. Otherwise, grab the source code [here](https://github.com/kuzzleio/kuzzle-admin-console/releases) and install it on your own environment.

> In both cases the configuration is the same and you'll be able to select which [Kuzzle](/core/1/guide/guides/essentials/installing-console/#connect-to-kuzzle) installation you want to manage.

Author: ```suggestion
In both cases the configuration is the same and you'll be able to select which [Kuzzle](/core/1/guides/essentials/installing-console/#connect-to-kuzzle) installation you want to manage.
```

> <div class="alert alert-info">

Author: shouldn't this be `::: info` or something?

Reviewer: Yes but there is 159 occurrence for this old alert div.. And its complicated to change because link inside these div are `<a href>` style instead of markdown style.
I think its better if we keep them and convert them following the boyscout rule

Having trouble? Get in touch with us on <a href="https://gitter.im/kuzzleio/kuzzle">Gitter!</a> We're happy to help.
</div>

## Connect to Kuzzle

> The Kuzzle Admin Console automatically searches for Kuzzle on `localhost:7512` and will be prompt you to introduce your own host and port if it is not detected.

Author: ```suggestion
The Kuzzle Admin Console automatically searches for Kuzzle on `ws://localhost:7512` and prompts you to introduce your own host and port if it is unable to connect to that URL.
```

> At any time, you can reconfigure Kuzzle Admin Console to connect to any Kuzzle installation by clicking on the **"Choose Environment"** dropdown menu and then selecting **"Create new"**. This feature allows you to manage multiple Kuzzle installations on a single Kuzzle Admin Console.

Author: ```suggestion
At any time, you can reconfigure the Kuzzle Admin Console to connect to any Kuzzle installation by clicking the **"Choose Environment"** dropdown menu and then selecting **"Create new"**. This feature allows you to manage multiple Kuzzle installations on a single Kuzzle Admin Console.
```

![Kuzzle Admin Console is trying to connect to Kuzzle](kuzbo-connecting.png)

To create a connection to Kuzzle, provide its **name** (e.g. "Development" or "My First Kuzzle"), **address** (or hostname) and **port**. Optionally, select a **color** to identify the connection (e.g. red could be used to identify production environments).

> <div class="alert alert-success">Your Kuzzle Admin Console is now connected to Kuzzle.</div>

Author: `::: success`?

> <div class="alert alert-info">

Author: `::: info`?

Having trouble? Get in touch with us on <a href="https://gitter.im/kuzzleio/kuzzle">Gitter!</a> We're happy to help.
</div>

## Create an Admin Account

At this point Kuzzle is not secure and any `anonymous` user has full access. The Kuzzle Admin Console configurator will automatically request that an Admin Account be created. For the purpose of this tutorial, leave the **reset default and anonymous rights** unchecked, as we will use the `anonymous` account in the next steps.

![Kuzzle Admin Console requests that an admin account be created](kuzbo-firstadmin.png)

Once the Admin Account credentials have been created, use them to login.

> <div class="alert alert-success">You can now manage Kuzzle via the Kuzzle Admin Console.</div>

Author: `::: success`?

> <div class="alert alert-info">

Author: `::: info`?
